chore: rewrite docs (#491)
supabase-community/postgres-language-server: docs/features/type_checking.md

# Type Checking

The Postgres Language Server validates your SQL queries against your actual database schema. As you type, it checks that your tables exist, columns are spelled correctly, and data types match - just like Postgres would when executing the query.

## How it Works

> When you write a SQL query, the language server:
> 1. Connects to your database
> 2. Asks Postgres to validate your query without running it
> 3. Shows any errors directly in your editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you write a SQL query, the language server:  
1. Connects to your database  
2. Asks Postgres to validate your query without running it  
3. Shows any errors directly in your editor  
```

> Since it uses your actual database, you get the exact same validation that would happen at runtime - but instantly as you type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since it uses your actual database, you get the same validation that happens at runtime - as soon as you type.
```

## Supported Statements

> Since we are using `EXPLAIN`, type checking is only available for DML statements:
> - `SELECT` statements
> - `INSERT` statements
> - `UPDATE` statements
> - `DELETE` statements
> - Common Table Expressions (CTEs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we are using `EXPLAIN`, type checking is only available for DML statements:  
- `SELECT` statements  
- `INSERT` statements  
- `UPDATE` statements  
- `DELETE` statements  
- Common Table Expressions (CTEs)  
```

## Configuration

You can configure the schemas included in the search path for type checking:

```json
{
  "typecheck": {
    "searchPath": ["public", "app_*", "auth"]
  }
}
```

The `searchPath` supports:
- Exact schema names (e.g., `"public"`)
- Glob patterns (e.g., `"app_*"` to match `app_users`, `app_products`, etc.)
- The order matters - schemas are searched in the order specified

> If not configured, defaults to `["public"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if not specified, the LSP will always search`"public"` in last position.
```
